docs: design doc template (#1148)
umee-network/umee: docs/design_docs/template.md

# Design Doc {NUMBER}: {TITLE}

## Status

> A Status may be Draft if we want to break discussion in few PRs to break down a longer process in few steps.

> > At the end of the process each task has to be either Accepted or Declined.
> > If a later task significantly changes or reverses a decision, it may be marked
> > as superseded" with a reference to its replacement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> At the end of the process each design has to be either Accepted or Declined.
> If a later design doc significantly changes or reverses a decision, it may be marked
> as superseded" with a reference to its replacement.
```

{Draft|Accepted|Declined|Superseded}

## Abstract

> > "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." Provide a simplified and layman-accessible explanation of the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." Provide a simplified and layman-accessible explanation of the design.
```

> - What are the efficiency considerations (time/space)?
> - What are the expected access patterns (load/throughput)?
> - Are there any privacy considerations?
> - If the change is large, how will the changes be broken up for ease of review?

### User requirements

> Specify expected user behavior

### Proposed API

> Describe new API or changed API

### Outcomes

> This section does not need to be filled in at the beginning, but must
> be completed prior to the merging of the implementation.
> Here are some common questions that get answered as part of the detailed design:
>
> - What systems will be affected?
> - Are there any logging, monitoring or observability needs?
> - Are there any security considerations?
> - Will these changes require a breaking (major) release?
> - Does this change require coordination with other teams?

## Alternative Approaches

> This section contains information around alternative options that are considered
> before making a decision. It should contain a explanation on why the alternative
> approach(es) were not chosen.

## Test Cases [optional]

> How will the changes be tested?

> > Test cases for an implementation are mandatory for tasks that are affecting important parts of the system functionality. Tasks can choose to include links to test cases if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Test cases in the form of example scenarios for an implementation are mandatory for designs that are affecting important parts of the system functionality. Design docs can include links to test cases if applicable.
```

## Consequences

> This section describes the consequences, after applying the decision. All
> consequences should be summarized here, not just the "positive" ones.

### Backwards Compatibility

> > All Tasks that introduce backwards incompatibilities must include a section describing these incompatibilities and their severity. The Task must explain how the author proposes to deal with these incompatibilities. Task submissions without a sufficient backwards compatibility treatise may be rejected outright.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> All design docs that introduce backwards incompatibilities must include a section describing these incompatibilities and their severity. The doc must explain how the author proposes to deal with these incompatibilities. Submissions without a sufficient backwards compatibility treatise may be rejected outright.
```
